hi this is your reading for sunday the
twenty-first of George is down to the 15
and i'm using the shadow skip stack
today let's have a look at what's coming
up first card is the Emperor then it's
the two swords in reverse and the four
of cups in reverse okay great postcard
Emperor means solidity and structure and
a greater sense of identity within
yourself so it really feels like you
know who you are you feel quite
comfortable within yourself and I think
yesterday where you have to do some
acceptance work and create yourself
really the way you are in a way that's
truthful to yourself there's been a
success and I feel like you've got a lot
of peace and a lot of calm within
yourself so you feel very structured and
you feel at ease the next card is the
two of swords and you can see someone
who's quite defensive and you've got
that hard dangling there precariously
the fact that that's in Reverse really
indicates that and you see things for
what they really are and the four of
cups in reverse you're grateful for what
you do have what's in your life so I
really feel that Sunday is a
breakthrough day for you in terms of
self-acceptance gratitude seeing the
truth of life and yourself and your
place in it and what your role is and so
serenity peace self-acceptance and the
ability to kind of make friends with
yourself so it's a really kind of
insightful and coming back you know
returning to love and over weekend it's
nice so really I feel that over this
weekend Saturday and Sunday and
something occurs in your life that
really makes puts things into
perspective that really puts your role
your identity into perspective and the
guidance for Saturday and Sunday really
is to accept yourself if you want a
greater sense of peace within yourself
as a person and a greater and stronger
sense of identity about who you are and
that's really important because you know
if you are like a candle in the wind
you're going from this thing and that
thing and constantly seeking for meaning
and approval in things outside of
yourself you're going to be fluttering
all over the place but if you at some
point to say this is me you know and
that's that's something that comes with
maturity if you accept that you're going
to feel much more solid and you're going
to feel much more at peace within your
own self and your life for 6-10 and
that's one and yesterday's vibration was
one as well and I didn't mention it
because I was talking so long but one is
about and new beginnings creation
leadership and when you accept something
within yourself about yourself it's that
piece that you get from that acceptance
that then helps you build something
worthwhile so let's say I'm a very angry
person rather than fight my anger all
the time and blow up you know five times
a week if I get to the point where it's
like you know I am an angry person when
you accept that it's almost like a
balloon having the air go out of it and
you kind of deflate and you say right
that's who I am I can breathe because I
accept us about myself rather than
trying to deny it and fight it all the
time what am I going to do about it now
and it's that energy of ha you know
relief what am I going to do now that's
when you are able to build the most and
that's what this weekend is all about
creating the new you creating the
version of you that is based on
acceptance of self-love so if you've
been you know pumping and silicone into
your lips for the last 10 years because
you think that you're not a real person
if your lips are
plump and juicy then you might have a
moment this weekend where you're like I
have these lips and I am still the same
person inside you know and it doesn't
matter if they then or big and luscious
I'm still going to be the same person
and that's huge that is HUGE that's the
kind of thinking that those industries
are based on passion plastic surgery
even the self-help industry to some
extent because it's about saying i am
not good enough as I am I was badly
parented not particularly attractive I'm
not very intelligent how can I hide that
from the world it's not about hiding it
it's about owning it and saying I am
floored just like everyone else geez gee
whiz okay and right so that's what this
weekend is about if you have if you if
that speaks to you in any way if that's
something you deal with if you'd like
some more guidance on that if you'd like
to see how to accept yourself what you
like to do career wise or romance wise
or what your spirituality ought to be a
way you want to get to and please get in
touch with me for a private reading go
to gregory scott com click on the
readings tab and you can select the
readings you'd like there remember to
subscribe to the channel and you can
also email me the addresses readings at
gregory scott CL at UK have a wonderful
weekend announced with you tomorrow
you